Add new blog post (#142)
ballerina-platform/blog: _posts/2022-09-21-ballerina-is-moving-from-slack-to-discord.md

---
layout: blog-post

> title: Ballerina is Moving from Slack to Discord

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Ballerina is moving from Slack to Discord
```

Author: Resolved

author: Ballerina Team
published-date: 21 September 2022
status: Published
socialmediaimage: Ballerina-Swan-Lake-GA-Release-banner-02-with-button.png
permalink: /posts/2022-09-21-ballerina-is-moving-from-slack-to-discord/
---

<style>.cBlogContent p{white-space: break-spaces !important;}</style>

> We will be moving from Slack to [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} from Saturday, October 1. The WSO2 Slack community has grown to over 7,000 users, and we are excited to have them meet our 1000+ users on Discord! Join the Ballerina server by clicking [here](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer 2: IMO, instead of `WSO2 Slack community` we need to talk about Ballerina slack community here.

Author: Resolved

> We will be moving from Slack to [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} from Saturday, October 1. The WSO2 Slack community has grown to over 7,000 users, and we are excited to have them meet our 1000+ users on Discord! Join the Ballerina server by clicking [here](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer 2: Shall we say the year as well? i.e. `from Saturday, October 1, 2022`

Author: Resolved

> We will be moving from Slack to [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} from Saturday, October 1. The WSO2 Slack community has grown to over 7,000 users, and we are excited to have them meet our 1000+ users on Discord! Join the Ballerina server by clicking [here](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be moving from Slack to [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} from Saturday, October 1, 2022. The WSO2 Slack community has grown to over 7,000 users and we are excited to have them meet our 1000+ users on Discord! Join the [Ballerina Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"}.
```

Author: Resolved

> We will be moving from Slack to [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} from Saturday, 1 October, 2022. Our Slack community has grown to over 1,500 users, and we are excited to have them meet our 1000+ users who are currently on Discord! Join the [Ballerina Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: Let's stick to this format, which is used in other places: `1st October 2022`.

> We will be moving from Slack to [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} from Saturday, 1 October, 2022. Our Slack community has grown to over 1,500 users, and we are excited to have them meet our 1000+ users who are currently on Discord! Join the [Ballerina Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer 2: Shouldnt' it be `October 1, 2022`? Referring to month-day-year US format in this [1]

[1] https://www.grammarly.com/blog/how-to-write-dates

> We will be moving from Slack to [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} from Saturday, 1 October, 2022. Our Slack community has grown to over 1,500 users, and we are excited to have them meet our 1000+ users who are currently on Discord! Join the [Ballerina Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: +1 Let's stick to that.

> We love Slack, but it's not built for large online communities. It lacks moderation features, spam filtering, complete message histories, unlimited file sharing and more. Which makes sense – after all, Slack was built for corporate teams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We love Slack, but it's not built for large online communities. It lacks moderation features, spam filtering, complete message histories, unlimited file sharing, and more. Which makes sense – after all, Slack was built for corporate teams.
```

Author: Resolved

> We love Slack, but it's not built for large online communities. It lacks moderation features, spam filtering, complete message histories, unlimited file sharing and more. Which makes sense – after all, Slack was built for corporate teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We love Slack, but it's not built for large online communities. It lacks moderation features such as spam filtering, complete message histories, unlimited file sharing, and more. This makes sense after all as Slack was built mainly for corporate teams.
```
Shall we put in a more formal manner saying `The main reason, which made us move to Discord is that Slack is not built for large online communities.....`?

Author: Resolve

> [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"}, on the other hand, was built specifically for large online communities. Many large communities, including development communities like Reactiflux, Python, and Java to name a few have moved. It allows for an unlimited number of users, unlimited file uploads (with a per-file size limit), unlimited message histories, and great moderation and spam filtering features. Discord also includes voice and video chat, which will give our users a more immersive community experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"}, on the other hand, was built specifically for large online communities. Many large communities including development communities like Reactiflux, Python, and Java have already moved to Discord. It allows an unlimited number of users, unlimited file uploads (with a per-file size limit), unlimited message histories, and great moderation and spam filtering features. Discord also includes voice and video chat, which will give our users a more immersive community experience.
```

Author: Resolved

> The whole idea is to deliver a better experience for our community members, and we feel Discord will deliver just that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The whole idea is to deliver a better experience for our community members and we feel Discord will be the ideal solution to deliver that.
```

Author: Resolved

> We will continue to keep Slack active in the interim and ensure a smooth migration, but all Ballerina team members and mods will be waiting for you on Discord from Saturday, October 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will continue to keep Slack active in the interim and ensure a smooth migration and in the meantime, all Ballerina team members and mods will be waiting for you on Discord from Saturday, October 1, 2022.
```

Author: Resolved

> We look forward to seeing you as part of our new community. Click [here](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} to join Ballerina’s discord server today! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We look forward to seeing you as part of our new community. Click [here](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} to join Ballerina’s Discord server today! 
```

Author: Resolved

> We look forward to seeing you as part of our new community. Click [here](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} to join Ballerina’s discord server today! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We look forward to seeing you as part of our new community. Join the [Ballerina’s discord server](https://discord.com/invite/wAJYFbMrG2){:target="_blank"} today! 
```

Author: Resolved
